Welcome back.
So I am going to start by opening the Epic Games Launcher and I should say if you're on Linux you need
to skip this video because we have already just installed the engine in a recent video and you don't
have the Epic Games Launcher on Linux but Mac and PC people watch it.
So we're going to be seeing this on the PC but it's basically identical on the Mac.
I'm opening the Epic Games Launcher letting it download and agreeing to allow it to make changes to
my device.
So the launcher itself may need to update and it also may need to do what you see on the screen now
on PC for sure which is to install the .NET framework.
So quite a few windows are like popping up all over the place.
We've got the .NET framework coming up.
We've got the launcher itself trying to launch now so just say allow an okay to all of these.
So we're gonna allow it access through the firewall so that it can download the engine we're going to
download install the .NET framework if our machine doesn't already have it because that's required
by Unreal later on to build projects for you.
And we're going to let the actual Unreal Launcher out or the Epic Games Launcher update itself as well.
So a flurry of things may be happening you'll get slightly different things on a Mac but a similar concept.
The ultimate goal is just to get the Epic Games Launcher open.
So it's a standard opening of a software just a little bit more complex than perhaps some.
So I'll be back with you when my Epic Games Launcher update has finished and when my other .NET features
etc have finished installing.
So get yourself to the point where the Epic Games Launcher is open.
I try not to get distracted by playing Fortnight or any of the other awesome epic games and I'll see
you just in a moment.
All right.
Once the features are finally installed then we're going to go and log into the Epic Games Launcher.
So let's go ahead and do that.
You're going to need an Epic Games username and password.
I'm sure you've already got one.
But if you haven't this is the time to go and sign up it's going to be a requirement to use the engine.
So sign into that.
And when that's done you'll finally be in the launcher.
Now we're going to use the launcher to download the engine.
I'm going to ignore any updates about games Epic Games themselves are becoming very keen on selling
games they have their own store etc now which is great and awesome.
It's good to have competition out there but we're focused on the Unreal Engine parts so click on
Unreal Engine within the Epic Games Launcher and you'll see a button to install engine.
Now you can just click on install engine but when you do if you see that it's trying to install something
that's not 4.22 then you want to be saying cancel and making sure that you do add 4.22
so imagine at the time of installing it comes up and it's trying to add some other version.
You don't need that version the version you need is with the plus symbol.
You want to go ahead and find 4.22. The latest 4.22 - 4.22.x -
any 4.22 will do.
And the later the better.
Okay.
So you have control over that with the little dropdown on my screen as you can see it.
So just be aware that you're installing 4.22 so that we don't have any discrepancy between
what you see me doing on screen or Mikey doing on screen or.
Or Gavin doing on screen and what you see on your screen.
All right don't worry you won't miss out.
This will be some extra features at some point in the future that's in a newer version but look we're
trying to learn the foundations and the fundamentals of Unreal Engine here.
Not every latest bell and whistle.
Right.
If there's anything fundamental that ever comes out on Unreal Engine that changes the whole way we should
approach this.
We will read record of course as we have done in the past.
OK.
So the download is happening this is now time for your challenge.
Then I'll pop back and tell you a couple of other things so I'd just like you to do the same.
I get Unreal Engine four point two to downloading Linux users can skip this video use the Epic Games
launcher download 4.22.x the X doesn't matter.
Carry on with the course during the download because we're not going to need Unreal Engine for a couple
of hours of course content actually because we're going to learn the foundations of C++ first.
Carry on with the courses can take as long as you like to download and if you have to turn your computer
off you can even resume the download by reopening the Epic Games Launcher.
So go ahead pause a video and I'll be back with you in a second.
OK.
Welcome back.
So one thing I want to tell you about the download of the engine is that the progress is not the 8.6MB/s
point six mega bytes per second.
Out of eight point three gigabytes.
That's not the point.
The point is if you watch the Unreal logo it's filling up in black from the bottom.
That is your progress indicator.
And as I say you can resume this after having turned your computer off if necessary.
So we'll just leave that going and we will continue on with the course in the next video where we learn
about some new stuff related to C++ so see you soon.